show&install caps in default center (#1621)
oam-dev/kubevela: docs/en/end-user/components/more.md

title:  Want More?
---

Components in KubeVela are designed to be brought by users. You could design one by yourself, or try some maintained by KubeVela developers.

## 1. Get from capability center

KubeVela allows you to explore capabilities maintained by other developer.
There are two command in kubectl vela plugin: `comp` and `trait`.

In case you haven't install kubectl vela plugin: see [this](../../kubectl-plugin).

For example, let's try the list all availible components in default cap center:

```shell
$ kubectl vela comp
Showing components from default cap center:https://github.com/oam-dev/catalog/tree/master/registry
NAME              	CENTER	TYPE               	DEFINITION                 	STATUS	APPLIES-TO
cloneset          	      	componentDefinition	clonesets.apps.kruise.io   	      	[]        
kruise-statefulset	      	componentDefinition	statefulsets.apps.kruise.io	      	[]        
openfaas          	      	componentDefinition	functions.openfaas.com     	      	[]

> ```

Reviewer: how to install the caps in remote registry?

Author: Haven't implement that feature in plugin, maybe before I implement that, the doc should lead people to vela CLI?

Reviewer: you should implement in this PR , this is the essential part.

Author: I have implement that.

title:  Want More?
---

Components in KubeVela are designed to be brought by users. You could design one by yourself, or try some maintained by KubeVela developers.

## 1. Get from capability center

KubeVela allows you to explore capabilities maintained by other developer.
There are two command in kubectl vela plugin: `comp` and `trait`.

In case you haven't install kubectl vela plugin: see [this](../../kubectl-plugin).

### 1. list

For example, let's try the list all availible components in default cap center:

```shell
$ kubectl vela comp
Showing components from default cap center:https://github.com/oam-dev/catalog/tree/master/registry
NAME              	CENTER	TYPE               	DEFINITION                 	STATUS	APPLIES-TO
cloneset          	      	componentDefinition	clonesets.apps.kruise.io   	      	[]        
kruise-statefulset	      	componentDefinition	statefulsets.apps.kruise.io	      	[]        
openfaas          	      	componentDefinition	functions.openfaas.com     	      	[]
```

### 2. install
Then you can install component like:

```shell

> $ kubectl vela comp install cloneset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ kubectl vela comp cloneset --install
```

Author: why is that a bette way?

Reviewer: this is also not good, let me think

Author: any idea？ @wonderflow

title:  Want More?
---

> Components in KubeVela are designed to be brought by users. You could design one by yourself, or try some maintained by KubeVela developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components in KubeVela are designed to be brought by users. 
```

Author: done

## 1. Get from capability center

KubeVela allows you to explore capabilities maintained by other developer.
There are two command in kubectl vela plugin: `comp` and `trait`.

In case you haven't install kubectl vela plugin: see [this](../../kubectl-plugin).

### 1. list

For example, let's try the list all availible components in default registry:

```shell
$ kubectl vela comp --discover
Showing components from default registry:https://github.com/oam-dev/catalog/tree/master/registry
NAME              	CENTER	DEFINITION                 	
cloneset          	default	clonesets.apps.kruise.io
kruise-statefulset	default	statefulsets.apps.kruise.io
openfaas          	default	functions.openfaas.com
````

> Note that the `--discover` flag means show all uninstalled components. Otherwise, it'll show all installed component(except for inner component) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the `--discover` flag means show all uninstalled components.
```

Author: done

Components in KubeVela are designed to be brought by users.

## 1. Get from capability center

> KubeVela allows you to explore capabilities maintained by other developer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KubeVela allows you to explore capabilities maintained by platform team.
```

> There are two command in kubectl vela plugin: `comp` and `trait`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two commands in kubectl vela plugin: `comp` and `trait`.
```

> In case you haven't install kubectl vela plugin: see [this](../../kubectl-plugin).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case you haven't installed kubectl vela plugin: see [this](../../kubectl-plugin).
```

### 1. list

> For example, let's try to list all availible components in registry:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, let's try to list all availible components in a registry:
```

> For example, let's try the list all availible components in default registry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, let's try to list all availible components in registry:
```

Author: done

```shell
$ kubectl vela comp --discover

> Showing components from default registry:https://github.com/oam-dev/catalog/tree/master/registry

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Showing components from default registry: https://github.com/oam-dev/catalog/tree/master/registry
```

> NAME              	CENTER	DEFINITION                 	

Reviewer 2: What does `CENTER` mean?

Reviewer 2: Also let's use a consistent idiom between `capability`, `definition`, `comp/traits`.

Author: `CENTER` is so called by vela CLI. I forgot to change it to `REGISTRY` in docs.

cloneset          	default	clonesets.apps.kruise.io
kruise-statefulset	default	statefulsets.apps.kruise.io
openfaas          	default	functions.openfaas.com
````

> Note that the `--discover` flag means show all uninstalled components.

Reviewer 2: We haven't explain item `install`, readers will get confused what are `uninstalled` components.

Author: Note that the `--discover` flag means show all traits not in your cluster.
⬆️ Can this be better？

Reviewer 2: Yes.

### 2. install

> Then you can install component like:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then you can install a component like:
```

```shell

> $ kubectl vela comp get cloneset

Reviewer 2: Why don't we use `install` instead of `get`?

Author: yeah, that's also @wonderflow's idea, I think they were both OK. `get`  seems smaller.

Reviewer: using `get` can help us to tell that this is very small and lightweight operation

Reviewer: using `get` can help us to tell that this is very small and lightweight operation

Installing component capability cloneset
Successfully install trait: cloneset                                                                                                 
```

> ### 3.verify

Reviewer 2: Add a blank line please.

```shell
$ kubectl get componentdefinition  -n vela-system
NAME         WORKLOAD-KIND   DESCRIPTION
cloneset     CloneSet        Describes long-running, scalable, containerized services that have a stable network endpoint to receive external network traffic from customers. It was implemented by OpenKruise Cloneset.
...(other componentDefinition)

```

> By default, the two command will retrieve capabilities from [repo](https://github.com/oam-dev/catalog/tree/master/registry) maintained by KubeVela developers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the two commands will retrieve capabilities from [repo](https://github.com/oam-dev/catalog/tree/master/registry) maintained by KubeVela.
```
